README.md, before:

# dp-frontend-cookie-controller

## Getting started

This project uses go modules, ensure that go version 1.12 or above is in use.
If on go 1.12 then ensure the project either resides outside of your `GOPATH` or `GO111MODULE` is set to true

1. To start the service use make, `make debug`

## Configuration

| Environment variable         | Config                     | Description                                                                            | Default                       |
| ---------------------------- | -------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| BIND_ADDR                    | BindAddr                   | The Port to run on                                                                     | :24100                        |
| SITE_DOMAIN                  | SiteDomain                 |                                                                                        | localhost                     |
| GRACEFUL_SHUTDOWN_TIMEOUT    | GracefulShutdownTimeout    | Time to wait during graceful shutdown                                                  | 5 seconds                     |
| HEALTHCHECK_INTERVAL         | HealthCheckInterval        | Interval between health checks                                                         | 30 seconds                    |
| HEALTHCHECK_CRITICAL_TIMEOUT | HealthCheckCriticalTimeout | Amount of time to pass since last healthy health check to be deemed a critical failure | 90 seconds                    |
| OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT  | OTExporterOTLPEndpoint     | Endpoint for OpenTelemetry service                                                     | localhost:4317                |
| OTEL_SERVICE_NAME            | OTServiceName              | Label of service for OpenTelemetry service                                             | dp-frontend-cookie-controller |
| OTEL_BATCH_TIMEOUT           | OTBatchTimeout             | Timeout for OpenTelemetry                                                              | 5s                            |
| OTEL_ENABLED                 | false                      | Feature flag to enable OpenTelemetry

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## License

Copyright © 2021, Office for National Statistics (https://www.ons.gov.uk)

Released under MIT license, see [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) for details.

Commit message:

Switch audit tool from nancy to vulncheck

README.md, after:

# dp-frontend-cookie-controller

## Getting started

This project uses go modules, ensure that go version 1.12 or above is in use.
If on go 1.12 then ensure the project either resides outside of your `GOPATH` or `GO111MODULE` is set to true

1. To start the service use make, `make debug`

## Tools

To run some of our tests you will need additional tooling:

### Audit

We use `dis-vulncheck` to do auditing, which you will [need to install](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dis-vulncheck).

### Linting

We use v2 of golangci-lint, which you will [need to install](https://golangci-lint.run/docs/welcome/install).

## Configuration

| Environment variable         | Config                     | Description                                                                            | Default                       |
| ---------------------------- | -------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| BIND_ADDR                    | BindAddr                   | The Port to run on                                                                     | :24100                        |
| SITE_DOMAIN                  | SiteDomain                 |                                                                                        | localhost                     |
| GRACEFUL_SHUTDOWN_TIMEOUT    | GracefulShutdownTimeout    | Time to wait during graceful shutdown                                                  | 5 seconds                     |
| HEALTHCHECK_INTERVAL         | HealthCheckInterval        | Interval between health checks                                                         | 30 seconds                    |
| HEALTHCHECK_CRITICAL_TIMEOUT | HealthCheckCriticalTimeout | Amount of time to pass since last healthy health check to be deemed a critical failure | 90 seconds                    |
| OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT  | OTExporterOTLPEndpoint     | Endpoint for OpenTelemetry service                                                     | localhost:4317                |
| OTEL_SERVICE_NAME            | OTServiceName              | Label of service for OpenTelemetry service                                             | dp-frontend-cookie-controller |
| OTEL_BATCH_TIMEOUT           | OTBatchTimeout             | Timeout for OpenTelemetry                                                              | 5s                            |
| OTEL_ENABLED                 | false                      | Feature flag to enable OpenTelemetry

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## License

Copyright © 2021, Office for National Statistics (https://www.ons.gov.uk)

Released under MIT license, see [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) for details.
